feat(clerk-js): Lazy load Sign up on Combined flow (#5237)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/olive-humans-leave.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-js': minor
---

> On `<SignIn/>` mount, load `<SignUp/>` on combined flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lazily load components related to `<SignUp>` functionality when used with the combined flow in `<SignIn>`.
```
